**Grace REPL against the Competition**

Grace REPL is a web based application whose primary use is to allow users to write, compile and run code conveniently. Grace REPL allows for users  to write code without an account (&quot;guest account&quot;) for quick code testing, or to save projects and work through the creation of an account. Accounts can be customized through various settings hence giving the user a unique and personal coding experience. Additionally, Grace REPL also allows users with accounts to share their projects with other users.

One of the leading competitors of Grace REPL is REPL- another web application that allows users to write simple code quickly and conveniently. REPL can be found at [https://repl.it/](https://repl.it/). REPL&#39;s primary focus is helping programmers write quick and testable programs. As such, their user base ranges from new programmers to professional software developers.

REPL and Grace REPL are similar in that both are web application that allow user to write quick code to compile and test. However, REPL does not appeal to users that require a full project based environment in which they can save work and collaborate with other users. This is the key difference between GraceREPL and REPL- where Grace REPL not only focuses on users who need to write quick code, but also users who want to make projects and preserve their code for future reuse. Using Grace REPL, users can save files and access the files on any computer, or share it with other users. Thus, Grace REPL allows for both convenience and collaboration. If REPL focused more on users with project based goals by delivering collaboration based tools, then REPL would be able to include the majority of the users that have been excluded from the current design.

Another competitor of Grace REPL is CodeChef, a company whose web application facilitates code writing and compilation for competitive programming. CodeChef was created for the sole purpose of helping programmers write efficient algorithms, and focuses primarily on programming contests. CodeChef can be found at [www.codechef.com](http://www.codechef.com).

Just like REPL and Grace REPL, CodeChef is a web application which allows users to write code online to compile and test. However, unlike REPL and Grace REPL, CodeChef is driven by competitions. CodeChef&#39;s key users are mostly advanced programmers and programmers who like competing in competitions either for rewards or bettering their algorithm skills. On the other hand, Grace REPL supports all levels of programming experience from beginner to professionals. Grace REPL is superior in various scenarios, such as teaching code based lectures, presenting algorithms or code to colleagues, or learning and testing new programming languages. CodeChef falls short in these scenarios as it fails to cater to average users; this is largely due to the company&#39;s main drive to engross experienced programmers into the world of algorithm design through competitions. Consequently, if CodeChef dedicated more resources towards beginner level programmers and project oriented users, then CodeChef would be able to expand their web application&#39;s user base greatly.
