#Process for Phase One
 The team gathered together in person to discuss the main parts of phase one. The tools used to communicate meeting plans, leftover ideas/points, future plans, etc. was a chat application named “Discord”. The decisions made in phase one were collective amongst all members of the group. When a point or idea was posed, the other group members would provide their input and overall the validity and significance of the point/idea was thoroughly discussed. Coming up with key objectives was a collective agreement.
 
  Specifically a team member proposed the idea of a read-eval-loop print (REPL) web application for the project and the rest of the group contributed possible features, design, and things to avoid in order to provide the user a good experience. Subsequently, the ideas and reasons for why this project provides a better user experience amongst similar web applications was discussed amongst the group. Finding reasons as to why Grace REPL will be different and in which scenario would someone use it was argued over and it essentially led to more ideas and features that could be implemented. This process was very similar when coming up with personas. Each group member’s thoughts and perspective on the persona was significant because it strengthens the validity of the persona. 
  
  When it came down to deciding user stories, group members obviously thought in the perspective of numerous types of people in different scenarios. Having to think about the accessibility of the application, the navigation through the website, and the main purpose was very important. As some agreed on a certain user story, others would argue why it’s not necessary. The priority of the user stories is based on the Fibonacci sequence: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21. The reason for this is to distinguish the tasks for each story more clearly. In contrast if the priority was 1, 2, 3, …, 10, and one task was set to a priority of 5 and another set to 6 then they could subjectively be the same. Eventually, a set of user stories was established due to a mutual understanding for each story.
  
  Overall, the lessons taken in this phase is the involvement of all group members. To achieve the end goal each part has to be considered very important which is what the team did for phase one. Going forward, the ideas, input, and assistance from other group members is an essential part to creating Grace REPL. 
